de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/ManageSessions.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.ManageSessions
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/SettingsActivity.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.SettingsActivity
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.SettingsActivity$DataSyncPreferenceFragment
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.SettingsActivity$GeneralPreferenceFragment
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.SettingsActivity$NotificationPreferenceFragment
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/SampleGattAttributes.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.SampleGattAttributes
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/utilities/GenericFileProvider.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.GenericFileProvider
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/WSClient.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.WSClient
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/MyXAxisValueFormatter.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.MyXAxisValueFormatter
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/Info.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Info
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/AppCompatPreferenceActivity.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.AppCompatPreferenceActivity
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/BluetoothLeService.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.BluetoothLeService
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.BluetoothLeService$1
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.BluetoothLeService$LocalBinder
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/Record.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$1
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$10
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$11
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$12
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$13
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$14
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$15
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$16
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$17
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$2
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$3
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$4
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$5
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$6
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$7
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$8
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$9
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Record$CastThread
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/BuildConfig.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.BuildConfig
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/utilities/Utilities.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.Utilities
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/Connect.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Connect
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/Tutorial.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Tutorial
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/Learn.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Learn
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/DeviceScanActivity.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.DeviceScanActivity
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.DeviceScanActivity$1
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.DeviceScanActivity$2
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.DeviceScanActivity$3
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.DeviceScanActivity$LeDeviceListAdapter
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.DeviceScanActivity$ViewHolder
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/Settings.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Settings
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Settings$1
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/utilities/MyXAxisValueFormatterTime.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.MyXAxisValueFormatterTime
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/utilities/SessionAdapter.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.SessionAdapter
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.SessionAdapter$PlanetViewHolder
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/TFAnalysis.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TFAnalysis
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TFAnalysis$1
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TFAnalysis$1$1
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TFAnalysis$2
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TFAnalysis$3
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TFAnalysis$4
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/DownloadImageTask.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.DownloadImageTask
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/TraumschreiberService.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TraumschreiberService
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.TraumschreiberService$1
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/utilities/FFTWWrapper.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.FFTWWrapper
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/utilities/ZoomableImageView.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.ZoomableImageView
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.ZoomableImageView$1
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.ZoomableImageView$ScaleListener
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/LSL.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$ArgumentException
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$ChannelFormat
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$ContinuousResolver
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$ErrorCode
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$InternalException
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$LostException
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$ProcessingOptions
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$StreamInfo
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$StreamInlet
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$StreamOutlet
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$TimeoutException
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$XMLElement
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.LSL$dll
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/utilities/CustomFFT.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.utilities.CustomFFT
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/Display.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Display
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Display$1
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.Display$UpdateChart
de/uni_osnabrueck/ikw/eegdroid/MainActivity.java
 de.uni_osnabrueck.ikw.eegdroid.MainActivity
